suggestions from review (#14)
ottrproject/metricminer-dashboard: resources/child/github.Rmd

1. Create your GitHub secret by going to https://github.com/settings/tokens/new
2. Make sure your GitHub secret has the `repo` and `workflow` scopes checked. Name it something that will remind you it has to do with your metricminer dashboard GitHub data, scroll to the bottom, and click "Generate Token". Keep this page open for now.
3. Return to your metricminer dashboard repository and go to Settings > Secrets and variables > Actions.
4. Click on `New repository secret`. Name your new secret *exactly* `METRICMINER_GITHUB_PAT`.
5. Copy and paste your personal access token in the `Secret` box and then click the green "Add secret" button.

> metricminer uses this secret when collecting data from GitHub repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This secret will be used by metricminer when collecting data from GitHub repositories.
```

Just making this start with a capitalized word :P
